(Last Episode)
Why are you so weak?
Harder.
I am trying hard.
What is this sound?
I feel that they are doing something intense upstairs.
Are they fighting?
Go, Yeon Kyung.
Next, mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
Throw back the head and raise the chin.
- Why do we do this? - To open the airway.
I know that.
Yeon Kyung,
I should demonstrate this on you.
That's enough.
Breathe two times, right now.
Put pressure on the chest 30 times.
Straighten your arms.
Your palms should be located in the middle of the chest.
Your fingers shouldn't touch the ribs.
Why should I learn this?
This?
Don't you know how important this is?
They don't have an ambulance there. You should at least learn...
this before you go and save one more person.
I am good at saving...
people without this.
I know, but...
You should go back to the place where you belong.
You saw...
how people here live.
There's no war here,
and we have a lot of doctors and hospitals.
We have emergency services,
medicines, and food.
We can live without your help.
But Joseon is at war,
and there aren't many hospitals nor doctors.
They lack medicine and food.
There are many people who need your help.
You need to go back to Joseon and protect it.
But before that,
just give me three days.
Just three days.
We're done with this one.
Next, we have...
Which one do you prefer?
What is this?
Is she not pretty?
Did you meet another woman when you were in Joseon?
No, that is not it.
Look closely.
She has a flat nose and small eyes.
Gosh, she's not pretty enough.
Gosh, you're so bad at this. Gosh, this is going to be a problem.
It is you, Yeon Kyung.
Oh, my. She's so pretty.
I told you she was pretty. She's literally shining. So pretty.
You're really good at drawing.
Give it to me. Send this picture to Yeon Kyung.
I am sending the picture.
It's here.
Oh, my. She's so pretty.
What is next?
Do you want to do this next?
I want to do this next.
We should do this.
We have this too. How about this?
Why do we need to decide what we do first?
We can just do anything we want.
Then why are we even making plans?
Then why did you ask me to help you?
Are you saying we shouldn't do anything?
I want to do everything. But we do not have much time.
We should do this first.
I want to do this first.
Then let's do this first.
We don't need to go grocery shopping in a hurry.
Gosh, why are you always hungry?
Try living in Joseon.
I don't normally eat much, so it'll be all right.
If you say that in Joseon, people will get angry at you.
Why do you always say that?
Because you are always like that.
You should order poison as my death penalty instead.
Why did you have to buy so much? No one's going to eat this much.
I will eat everything.
Make sure you keep your word.
If there are leftovers, I will take them to Joseon.
We spent the whole day grocery shopping.
I am leaving soon. That is the least you can do.
Why do you keep saying that? I know that already.
If you know that, you should not act like that.
If I were you, I would treat you really nicely.
That is not too hard to do.
Why did you not do this for me earlier?
We would not have bought so much and it would have taken less time.
- Take a seat. - Oh, my.
I made these food...
for Master Choi, Byung Ki, and Jae Sook.
I did the cooking. Take a seat.
All right. It looks delicious.
Oh, my. It smells nice.
There's so much food here.
You prepared so much.
Is today a special day?
It's not Master Choi's birthday.
I realized that we never had a meal together.
Please enjoy the meal we prepared for you.
All right.
We have more inside, so eat as much as you want.
Master Choi, is it delicious?
Yes.
Yes, it's delicious.
Jae Sook, do you like it?
Is this even for human?
It's delicious. I'm going to eat so much today.
Enjoy your meal.
Eat up.
Why is she taking so long? We are in a hurry.
Are you ready? Get in your position.
You're complaining again. Go back to your place.
We're ready.
I'm ready. I'll press the button now.
It's all right now.
Next patient please.
Dr. Heo?
Why are you here?
You asked for the next patient.
I came here to get acupuncture.
I have been going on so many dates with Dr. Choi...
that my shoulder has started to ache since yesterday.
Please go easy on me.
I didn't apply acupuncture yet.
If I were you, I would apply acupuncture at a different spot.
It is about Houxi, Kunlun, and Tonggu.
Are you teasing me?
Why did you come here if you don't trust me anyway?
Gosh, how come a descendant treat his ancestor...
in such an insolent way?
Are you going to apply acupuncture not giving a cup of tea first?
Thank you.
You seem to be near my age.
Since when have you been good...
at applying acupuncture?
Well,
I have been good at it since when I started it.
Kidding. I do not know since when.
I have treated so many patients since I became a doctor.
I do not know when.
How many could you have treated at your age?
How many have you treated?
Dozens a day, sometimes over 100, for 10 years.
Dozens? 100 patients...
Gosh. I cannot believe that old man.
He should have told me earlier.
You don't have fingerprints on your thumb and index finger because...
You cannot get anything for free, right?
You show yourself off so much.
Jae Ha, you have a good heart as a doctor.
I am sure you will do well.
What's going on here?
- It can't be. - Well...
Do not be so happy about it.
What about Yeon Kyung, then?
I hope you can treat her politely...
from now on, Jae Ha.
Next to me, you are the one...
who worry about her, as a younger brother does to his sister.
Younger brother, I mean.
Are you here to ask me to care for Yeon Kyung?
I have one more favor to ask you.
Yeon Kyung.
Grandpa.
Can I go with him?
I want to be with him.
Oh, my.
I cannot do anything without him now.
Grandpa, please.
Let me go with him, please.
I want to go with him.
I want to go, Grandpa.
I want to go with him. I don't care.
I want to go.
Grandpa.
Grandpa, let me go with him.
Okay.
Sorry, Grandpa.
I will forget these tears.
Only your smile,
that I will take with me. Only your smile.
If you give me what I cannot take there,
there is not enough space...
for what I really should take with me.
Your hand that held a scalpel.
You in a lab coat.
Your heart towards your patients.
Those are things I will take with me.
Just remember this.
My heart that beats...
because of you.
If you have nowhere to go,
you can stay a little longer.
The rain sounds very nice today.
I promised you...
that I would never leave you alone.
I made tea by boiling down green tea, kudzu flower, and arrowroot.
Take it every morning and evening.
What?
Is it for me?
- I will. - In my opinion,
rather than that Cheol Soo guy whom I have never met,
this idiot here is a much better man.
Jae Sook.
Don't call me an idiot.
And I know it is shameless of me to ask you for this favor,
but please look after...
Ms. Kkot Bun and Bong Sik once in a while.
Sure, I'll do that.
What should I do this this fool?
I know what is trendy nowadays,
but girls these days prefer straightforward men.
Straightforward men...
What does that mean?
What?
Thank you so much for everything.
- Master. - Just bowing is enough.
You don't need to say a long goodbye.
It's tiring.
Go on. She must be waiting for you.
Please be healthy.
Don't worry.
I'll stay by Yeon Kyung's side for a long, long time.
Then, goodbye.
I feel so bad even though we said goodbye to each other.
Why do you feel so bad? I bet he'll come here again soon.
"Come hither." Like this.
Where on earth is he going by the way?
Without any needles too.
Seeing how he's dressed up, Joseon perhaps?
This isn't a time to joke around.
I wasn't joking around.
Around this season, cold and dry air...
could damage your lungs.
So make sure to keep yourself warm.
It must be colder in winter there.
Thank you for joining me...
in this strange destiny.
Now,
you won't be hurt anymore.
I am sorry I could not keep my promise.
Now,
I won't be waiting for you.
Goodbye.
You'll be lonely alone.
I'll be with you.
I will save you.
My world where I left...
you by yourself.
Doctor Heo.
It is a bullet wound patient.
This land has become...
a land full of...
death, pain, and screams everywhere.
Wake up.
Hey.
There are more lives that I am not able to save...
than the ones that I can.
I am facing their death and pain...
like it is my fate.
I am weak...
in front of war.
I cannot stop this journey...
because there are people...
who do not give up...
and wait for me.
When I lose a patient and cannot even cry,
I think about it.
Could we save more patients...
with the medical technology from your world?
What kind of patient is this?
A traffic accident patient. He drove the steering wheel to his chest.
- What about his blood pressure? - 70 and 80.
His pulse is 130.
I think there's blood pooled in his heart.
We'll go to the operation room right away. Move him.
No.
Patient Lee Jae Woong...
died...
on October 1, 2017,
15:31pm.
There are still a lot of lives we can't save...
at this place where medical technology has made great progress.
Please clench your fist.
Sometimes, unexplainable miracles happen.
Thank you.
However, I know...
that those aren't miracles.
Please give her some pain relievers.
As you said,
life and death...
are predestined.
It's an emergency patient.
- We need to go. - It's an emergency.
Doctors are doing their best...
every day...
to prevent a single death...
in the middle of life or death.
Are you crying today...
in your world...
because you lost...
someone you must have saved?
How many deaths...
have you faced today...
in your world?
Are you...
doing okay?
Are you okay?
Doctor Heo. You are here.
Thank you for coming.
Where is the patient?
Here.
Mom.
Doctor.
Boil some honeysuckle and licorice in water.
Make her drink that frequently.
Thank you so much.
Will she live now?
Yes, do not worry.
She will get better.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - You are welcome.
[VIU Ver] Episode 16 Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo/Deserving of the Name
"I Want To Go With You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
He got sick while he evacuated.
He could not get treated because there was no doctor there.
It seems like he will not last for a few days.
Who is it?
He is Heo Im from Haeminseo.
Heo Im, you punk.
I regret...
not killing you...
before I die.
I came to treat you...
because I heard you were ill.
How dare you...
May I read your pulse for a second?
Do you think I am not aware...
of your scheme?
I am sure you are here to humiliate me all you want...
and take revenge for what I have done to you.
What?
Do you feel so satisfied to see me...
dying like this?
I will leave you if you do not want me...
to read your pulse.
You cannot just leave like this.
Please...
Please save me.
Please save him.
Please show mercy.
Then I shall take a look.
It is malignant tumors. They already have spread everywhere in his body.
It is too late.
Doctor.
She would not have survived even if you applied acupuncture.
But I at least wanted to make my mother feel better.
What I can do now...
is to reduce his pain.
Do not worry.
You are only a patient who needs a doctor's treatment.
All right.
I should visit the slave, Sam Wol's house next. Where is the place?
It must be this way.
(Shinhae Hospital)
I said I don't want it.
I told you so many times already. Take it away from me.
What's wrong with you again?
- Min Jae. - Yes?
Oh, right. I forgot that you're an assistant doctor. Sorry.
- Soo Ho. - Yes?
Call the cafeteria and tell them to do a better job in preparing meals.
How could they provide greasy food to a patient with a heart disease?
Yes, ma'am.
Tell them to give her some light meat,
- fish, and vegetables. - Okay.
They better give only tasty food since she's a picky eater.
This place needs to be cleaned again too.
Don't you know we must keep the wards clean?
Do a better job.
Sorry.
Bye.
What a teenager.
You have a surgery coming up soon. Where are you going at this hour?
It's none of your business.
What? Are you going to stop me?
No, why would I do that?
I'm going to go with you.
I...
have a car too.
Wear your holter monitor first before then.
I've got everything you need here...
except for that one.
(Opening of the Child Cardiology Center in Shinhae Hospital)
Gosh, Dr. Choi.
It's been such a long time.
I heard you got your doctor's degree recently.
That's impressive to achieve in your age.
I still have a lot to learn.
You're a skilled doctor and your theses are outstanding.
You'll be an assistant and associate professor in the near future.
- Don't you think so? - Of course.
She's an indispensable doctor in our hospital.
Ha Ra's mother donated a huge amount of money...
in respect for our Dr. Choi.
I don't know how I should...
repay your kindness.
Why is that my kindness to you?
What?
It's not for you,
but for sick children like Ha Ra.
Right. You're right about that.
Please work hard so that there aren't any children...
who can't get treated due to lack of money.
- Sure. - Please do so, Dr. Han.
Sure.
That's the message from Ha Ra's mother.
When did you meet her?
On Ha Ra's death anniversary not long ago.
Then please excuse me now that I delivered her message.
See you.
This way, sir.
(Opening of the Child Cardiology Center in Shinhae Hospital)
(Donated by Oh Ha Ra)
I'll see you on your next anniversary, Ha Ra.
Stop it.
What?
Are you jealous because I got my Ph.D before you?
No, no, no.
I'll just live this way if I have to work as hard as you to get it.
- What? - You operate on patients every day.
That's not living, you see.
A doctor is nothing without patients and operations.
You think you're the only doctor, don't you?
This is serious. You will never be able to fix this mental disease.
You dated several men and lived like a human-being for some time.
Yeon Kyung.
Gosh, that arrogant punk is here again.
Why do I feel so down every time I see him?
He bought only two cups of coffee too.
- Do you feel down? - Maybe it's because of his height.
Then...
eat this.
Bye.
Hey. Do you think I'm still a child?
My goodness. I'm going back.
What is this? Is it a wedding invitation?
It's next month.
He came to Seoul Station last week and handed the invitations out.
Gosh, he's...
finally having a daughter-in-law.
He got back together with his son a year ago...
and started to work as a security guard.
He bragged so much about how he paid for...
his son's wedding with the money he saved up.
I see.
I'm glad to hear that.
The other guys...
planned up a schedule to wash their clothes...
and go to a sauna before the wedding day.
Why are you looking at me like that?
It's just...
I'm just proud of you.
I'm sure you're busy as is.
But I heard from Grandpa...
that you visit them...
once every two weeks regularly.
I'm not going there because Heo Im asked me to.
- What? - I mean...
I did go there because he asked me to at first.
Now, I like going there.
It's out of my own will.
I know.
My skills improved a lot too.
I want to show him,
but I can't.
I know.
He'd be so happy if he found it out.
And we could go to the wedding together.
Gosh, are you going to stab my flesh with that?
Yes.
You cannot possibly hurt my body that my parents have given me.
It has already been hurt.
It would be better for you to keep your life this way.
- Face the front. - But still...
Let me see.
It is going in.
Superintendent.
Superintendent. Superintendent Heo.
Let us stop here.
Mak Gae, Mak Gae.
Did I not tell you to stop calling me like that?
Oh, my.
You are Sayaga.
Thank you for remembering who I am. But...
please forget that name.
I am...
Kim Cheon Sung.
Do you remember me?
I didn't even thank you then.
Thank you for saving my life.
Welcome... Welcome...
I heard that a general had become Korean with his soldiers,
but I did not know that it was you.
I had also...
heard that there was a doctor who went into the battlefield...
and saved a lot of people.
That was you.
How did we end up on the same side?
We just chose the life...
that fit us the most.
And my life was given to me again...
so that I could live for you.
Is the woman you were with doing well?
I think so.
Are you...
not with her now?
She went back to where she belongs.
You two...
were beautiful together.
Were we?
If you...
meet her again,
you need to tell her...
how your life changed...
after you met her.
She would know already.
- What is this? - You startled me.
Gosh.
Did you come in through the back door?
It is so pretty. I have never seen that before.
Is it?
It is called a heart.
It has two meanings.
One indicates your organ,
and the other your feelings when you like others.
A girl that looked just like you told me this.
- Mister. - Yes?
When can I start learning about medicine?
Medicine?
When you grow up after some time,
and you grow older...
Mister!
Gosh, an adult is talking to you.
Oh, my.
I was the one that saved her,
and yet, she does not even hug me.
Oh, my. Yeon Yi, you are here.
Yes, I have come here to look at herb medicine.
You will become a great doctor in the future.
Yes, I will become a better doctor than Dr. Heo.
Gosh, Yeon Yi.
You do not know who I am.
We do. You are the superintendent who have been in Haeminseo...
for 10 years.
There is someone to blame for that.
Is that me?
Why did you come here?
You are a busy doctor that looks after the King in the palace.
That is why I came here.
The ringing in the King's ears does not seem to be getting better.
The King offered to receive acupuncture,
so I recommended you.
Did I make the wrong choice?
It is for you to decide. Why are you glaring at me?
Dr. Heo!
Please save my son!
He was butted by a cow.
Dr. Heo, please save him.
No, he has to go to the palace right now.
You should go to another doctor.
No, I cannot.
If it is not Dr. Heo, my son will die.
It looks as if he will soon be dead.
Let us go.
Move him into the room.
And bring some water, needles,
and the seed of morus bark.
Yes, master. Follow me.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
Dr. Heo,
are you going to make the King wait?
Please tell him that there is a patient in danger...
- and that he needs to wait. - What?
Hey.
Hey, are you out of your mind?
How dare you do that to his Majesty?
You will need to take responsibility for this.
He is His Majesty's people.
He is someone that His Majesty needs to protect and look after.
If you stop me and let the boy die,
will you be able to take care of the angry people?
Gosh, how can this be?
Oh, my.
Fortunately, his organs have not been hurt,
but the stab wounds could be dangerous for him.
I need to stitch them up.
Really?
Stitch them up? How?
For the wounds to heal faster,
we need to stitch the wounds up.
What? The flesh?
Oh, my.
Gosh, you scum.
How dare you make His Majesty wait?
We forgave your sins because of what you have done...
during the war.
But have you still not come to your senses?
Gosh.
Ask for forgiveness to His Majesty.
So did you save...
the child?
Thanks to your grace,
he is alive.
Then it is enough.
We shall not mention it any longer.
I have heard of your abilities as a doctor,
but this is something that my doctors could not treat.
And how would I be able to trust you...
after what you did to me last time?
Your Majesty,
I do not know well about acupuncture.
But Heo Im's treatments...
are different from other doctors.
Also, he saved...
many patients with his unique acupuncture technique...
that is different from other doctors.
Please trust him.
Start your treatment.
Did you not hear that the king ran away early in the morning?
The angry people...
are setting everything on fire.
- He deserves to be torn to pieces. - How could he run away?
What are you doing? Start your treatment.
Ringing in the ears...
is a very painful illness...
because only you know the pain and other people do not know it.
Because of that, it is also called the crying of the heart.
I hope that the crying of your heart...
is tears of atonement and console...
for the innocent people who fell down...
because of the war.
I will concentrate on Shaofu and Zhongzhu...
and apply acupuncture on six places to console your heart.
After that, I will stop the wind sounds from your head...
by applying acupuncture in three points behind your neck.
The rumors about you were true.
Heo Im should receive the royal command.
Doctor Heo Im of Haeminseo...
will be appointed to the Royal Infirmary.
Focus on taking care of the health...
of the king and prince.
I was promoted six levels today.
They want me to work at the palace.
Why is your facial expression like that then?
You have been waiting to be successful and work there so much.
They are giving this to me just because I treated a small illness...
of the king, not because I saved the lives of people during the war.
You should be punished.
Just because you treated a small illness of the king?
Why do you not just tell them about this?
Important rewards...
are not given meaningless like that.
Special gifts visiting you...
when you desperately want it.
That is a good reward.
Anyway,
I will catch up with you soon.
I am three levels higher than you.
You do not know yet.
Our descendants regard me higher.
They say...
I am the best.
- I am the top. - Gosh.
You are so outdated.
We say things like, "Awesome. Cool. Thumbs up."
What?
I cannot believe the generation gap.
Did you still have that...
and not eat it?
How could I eat this?
They will know how we live.
But we have no way to find out how they live.
I am curious whether Chun Sool is okay.
Chun Sool?
Why do you want to drink in the middle of the day?
Are you like this these days?
I have a couple of drinks when I'm bored.
I'm not an alcoholic, so don't worry.
I heard you were busy going fishing and going to the mountains.
I'm really busy. I might die because I'm too busy being unemployed.
It's good that you look healthy.
I'm healthy.
Since I gave up my greed and false reputation like you said,
my heart and body are healthier than ever.
You are finally becoming mature.
Since we're talking about it,
can I work here as a doctor and get paid?
What?
You're talking nonsense.
I'm healthy. Why would an old oriental medicine clinic need...
two doctors?
I'll receive only half of the pay. No, I'll work for free.
When will you start working?
Look at your eyes twinkling.
You just stopped drinking.
I know that my liver isn't mine anymore.
Can't you see that I'm drinking with my eyes since I can't drink?
That's soju, not beer. You can't drink it with your eyes.
If you can't take it anymore, just drink some arrowroot tea...
and kudzu tea. Did you drink your green tea in the morning?
Why are you getting more talkative?
Should I marry you or not?
The wedding invitations are already printed.
I really want to cancel.
- Cut. - Cut.
- Finish it up. - You did a great job.
- Good work. - You're the best.
- You're fast and clean. - Thank you.
Thank you.
If you feel down,
go have fun at a club after a long time.
Gosh.
It's been a while since I last went to a club anyway.
Shall I?
Do you want to join me?
Gosh, my back.
Gosh, my neck.
Do you think I'll be okay?
- No, you shouldn't go. - No, right?
I just can't dance.
Nurse Jung.
What do you do when you miss someone...
so much?
There's nothing much. You just go see them.
You just go see them.
If you can't,
see them from your heart.
Count to 200 before you eat it.
Count to 200.
I shall come back before the end of the count.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Here.
I wanted to be someone who makes others' hearts beat.
Press here.
If you press this point whenever your heart feels exhausted,
it will clear and revive your heart.
What is this?
I told you to prepare for next year's medical exam.
Those books will help your studies.
Read them closely.
Goodness.
You should not hate studying so much like this.
Do you think simply picking up the skills is enough to be a doctor?
Mak Gae.
You should not run errands here forever.
About the world that lady lives in.
You heard women can be a doctor there, right?
Yes, that's right.
It must be nice.
Do not think about useless stuff,
and focus on your studies.
Silly brat.
Gosh, I do not want to study.
When will she be able to start living as a woman?
Mak Gae, you brat.
Dr. Heo.
It is getting late at night. Why did you not come tomorrow?
I was worried you might feel hungry...
after working hard until this time.
They should have saved this...
to feed themselves instead.
Deliver them my gratitude.
Okay, doctor.
Mak Gae.
I told you not to run.
They just love to play around so much.
(Choi Yeon Kyung)
It must hurt a lot. How did you get this?
I heard the whistle and ran away.
Then I fell down on stairs.
Don't forget to watch your step even if you're in a rush.
Always be careful.
Okay.
You saw what I did, right?
I'll give you this,
so take this and treat your wound once every day.
It's to prevent any infections.
- Thank you. - Bye.
Bye.
We come here once every two weeks.
Stop by if you need something.
Nurse Jung.
I'm sorry to call you out here when it's your day off today.
Don't mention it.
The weather is nice,
so it's better to be here than to stay at home.
I really wanted to participate in this too,
so thank you for asking me.
Thanks for taking it that way.
Next person in line. Please go in.
You have a back problem.
Who is that man?
I guess they're filming historical drama around here.
Or maybe there's a place that rents out Joseon clothes near here.
I guess so.
It must've hurt a lot.
How did you get yourself injured?
I was on my way to meet someone.
I fell down from my bike...
as I was too much in a rush.
I missed you.
I am sorry that I came too late.
In your life, there comes a time that you long for something...
or want something.
Then, an unexpected present visits you.
That is a real reward.
Did you not miss me?
Are you going to be here for a little while?
What do you mean, a little while? I am here to live with you.
Who's going to live with you?
Do you have a boyfriend by any chance?
I have many male friends.
What is a male friend?
What is a male friend? Boyfriend, male friend.
- What is the difference... - When are you leaving?
I told you already. I came here to live with you.
You said the same thing before.
So I came here again.
I am sorry.
That's fine. You abandoned me once. You could abandon me twice then.
I have never abandoned you.
It is not like that. I thought it was impossible for me to live here.
Forget it.
Where else can I go?
I cannot live without you now.
(You should just remember this. You made my heart beat.)
(Those of you who do your best are living up to your name now.)
(Thank you for supporting "Live up To Your Name, Dr. Heo/Deserving of the Name".)